<!--
 * @Date: 2024-06-02 12:11:38
 * @LastEditors: BHM-Bob 2262029386@qq.com
 * @LastEditTime: 2024-06-02 12:12:50
 * @Description: 
-->
2023-7-12


# v0.1.4.2
**hotfix for v0.1.4.1**, v0.1.4.1 has a scihub_cn dependence, which may unable to be installed in some situation. In v0.1.4.2, scihub_cn dependence was removed.
### BUG-FIX
- fix-bug: file.opts_file:: support binnary file write option.
### Improvements
##### paper
- Updated the search_by_baidu function to include a proxies parameter for specifying proxies.
- Added a new function search_by_pubmed for searching articles on PubMed using a given query and email.
- Updated the search function to include the search_by_pubmed function as an option for the search engine.
- Updated the download_from_scihub_by_doi function to include a proxies parameter for specifying proxies.
- Updated the download_from_scihub_by_title function to include a proxies parameter for specifying proxies.
- Updated the download_by_scihub function to include a proxies parameter for specifying proxies.
- Updated the has_sci_bookmarks function to include a proxies parameter for specifying proxies.
- Updated the get_section_bookmarks function to include a proxies parameter for specifying proxies.

# v0.1.4.1
**hotfix for v0.1.4**, v0.1.4 has requirements problems and can not be installed througth PyPI. In v0.1.4.1, setup way of requirements go back to old style and works well.

# v0.1.4

**Full Changelog**: https://github.com/BHM-Bob/BA_PY/compare/v0.1.3...v0.1.4

## ADD
#### paper
Some scientific paper utils, including parsing RIS, downloading pdf by title or doi through sci-hub, search through baidu-xueshu, extract specific section from a sci-paper and so on.
SEE WIKI: [paper sub-module wiki](https://github.com/BHM-Bob/BA_PY/wiki/paper)

# v0.1.4.1
**hotfix for v0.1.4**, v0.1.4 has requirements problems and can not be installed througth PyPI. In v0.1.4.1, setup way of requirements go back to old style.